Name	Set	ImageFile	Expansion	Type	Clan	Group	Capacity	Discipline	PCost	BCost	Text	Rarity	Artist
Agonising Fury	Ragnarok	agonisingfury	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Combat							Requires a werewolf. Only usable after strike resolution. Only usable at close range. If any damage was inflicted to this werewolf by the opposing minion at close range, this werewolf gets 1 additional strike. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Caern	Ragnarok	caern	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Master					1		Unique location. Werewolf allies cost you 1 less pool to recruit. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Carla Grimsson	Ragnarok	carlagrimsson	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 3 life. 1 strength, 1 bleed. Carla can move a card requiring a werewolf from your ash heap to your hand as a +1 stealth action (discard down afterwards). If Carla has 2 or less life during your unlock phase, she gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Fang Jumper	Ragnarok	fangjumper	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					2		Unique werewolf with 2 life. 1 strength, 1 bleed. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Garmr, Hound of Hel	Ragnarok	garmrhoundofhel	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 5 life. 2 strength. Damage from Garmr's hand strikes is aggravated. Animal retainers employed by a minion in combat with Garmr lose their abilities until the end of combat. Each Methuselah gets -1 hand size. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Geri, Hungry Wolf	Ragnarok	gerihungrywolf	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Retainer							Reward. Unique animal with 3 life. During your unlock phase, employer gains 1 blood. Geri inflicts 1 damage each round of combat during normal strike resolution (at close range). NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Gjallahorn, Horn of Heimdall	Ragnarok	gjallahornhornofheimdall	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Equipment							Reward. Unique. Lock Gjallahorn to unlock any minion. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Golgol Fangs First	Ragnarok	golgolfangsfirst	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					4		Unique werewolf with 5 life. 3 strength, 1 bleed. If you control a vampire of capacity 8 or more, burn Golgol. Golgol can enter combat with any minion as a (D) action. While Golgol is in combat, you get +1 hand size. If Golgol has 4 or less life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Gungnir, Odin's Spear	Ragnarok	gungnirodinsspear	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Equipment							Reward. Unique weapon. Strike: strength ranged damage. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Gunther Odd Eye	Ragnarok	guntheroddeye	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 4 life. 2 strength, 1 bleed. After a combat between a werewolf you control and another minion, lock Gunther to start a new combat between Gunther and that minion. If Gunther has 3 or less life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Hati, Moon-Chaser	Ragnarok	hatimoonchaser	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 7 life. 2 Strength. After the end of combat, Hati is restored to his starting life. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah locks an ally they controls. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Hel, Mistress of the Underworld	Ragnarok	helmistressoftheunderworld	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 5 life. 1 strength. Range is set to long when a minion is in combat with Hel. All wraiths, zombies and mummies in play lose their abilities and have their bleed reduced to zero. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Huginn, Raven	Ragnarok	huginnraven	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Retainer							Reward. Unique animal with 2 life. Employer gets +1 intercept. Huginn inflicts 1R damage each round of combat during normal strike resolution. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Jormungandr, Midgard Serpent	Ragnarok	jormungandrmidgardserpent	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 7 life. 2 strength. Jormungadr has 1 additional strike each round. Jormungadr prevents 1 damage each round. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah burns a location they controls, or repays its cost. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Kinfolk Contact	Ragnarok	kinfolkcontact	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Mortal with 1 life. 1 strength, 0 bleed. Kinfolk Contact can search your library for a werewolf ally and move it to your hand as a +1 stealth action (shuffle and discard down afterwards). NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
King of the Beasts	Ragnarok	kingofthebeasts	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a werewolf. (D) Move all animal retainers on a minion to this werewolf. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Kraken	Ragnarok	kraken	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 9 life. 2 strength. Minions opposing Kraken in combat cannot strike: dodge or strike: combat ends. Kraken gets 1 additional strike each round. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah locks a vampire of capacity 4 or less they controls. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Laevateinn, Sword of Freya	Ragnarok	laevateinnswordoffreya	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Equipment							Reward. Unique weapon. Strike: Strength +1 damage. Damage inflicted on a Kiasyd by this weapon is aggravated. Minions opposing bearer cannot strike: dodge. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Loki, Trickster God	Ragnarok	lokitrickstergod	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 5 life. 2 strength. Loki must strike: dodge, if able. Loki prevents 1 damage each round. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah discards 1 card at random from they hand, and removes that card from the game. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Luna's Armour	Ragnarok	lunasarmour	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Combat							Requires a werewolf. Prevent all damage from the opposing minion's strikes during this round of combat. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Luna's Blessing	Ragnarok	lunasblessing	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Master							Trifle. Put this card on a werewolf you control. If this werewolf is the target of a (D) action, you can burn this card to make the action fail and to inflict 2 unpreventable damage on the acting minion. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Mjolnir, Thor's Hammer	Ragnarok	mjolnirthorshammer	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Equipment							Reward. Unique weapon. Strike: strength damage. Damage inflicted by this weapon cannot be prevented. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Mother's Touch	Ragnarok	motherstouch	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a werewolf. (D) Choose a werewolf. That werewolf gains 2 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Muninn, Raven	Ragnarok	muninnraven	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Retainer							Reward. Unique animal with 2 life. Employer gets +1 intercept. While this minion is in combat, the controller of the opposing minion plays with an open hand. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Nidhogg, the Hungry Worm	Ragnarok	nidhoggthehungryworm	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 7 life. 2 strength. Nidhogg prevents 1 damage each round. Minions opposing Nidhogg cannot press to continue combat. Hunt actions get -1 stealth. Vampires cannot hunt unless forced to. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Razor Claws	Ragnarok	razorclaws	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Combat							Requires a werewolf. This round, this werewolf gets +1 strength and damage done to vampires from they hand strikes is aggravated. A werewolf can play only one Razor Claws each round. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Roger Daly	Ragnarok	rogerdaly	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 3 life, 1 strength, 2 bleed. Once each round, before range is chosen, Roger can burn an equipment on the opposing minion. If Roger has 2 or less life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Scar Throat Leech Killer	Ragnarok	scarthroatleechkiller	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 3 life. 2 strength, 0 bleed. Once each turn, Scar must enter combat with a vampire as a (D) action. If a vampire opposing Scar is burned or sent to torpor, Scar unlocks at the end of the action. If Scar has 2 or less life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Sense Wyrm	Ragnarok	sensewyrm	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Reaction							Requires a werewolf. Only usable when attempting to block a vampire, a ghoul or a demon. Usable even if intercept is not needed. +2 intercept, and this werewolf gets +1 strength in the resulting combat if they blocks. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Skoll, Sun-Chaser	Ragnarok	skollsunchaser	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 7 life. 2 strength. After the end of combat, Skoll is restored to his starting life. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah chooses either to burn 1 pool or to lose all transfers during they next influence phase. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Sleipnir, Greatest of Steeds	Ragnarok	sleipnirgreatestofsteeds	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Retainer							Reward. Unique animal with 3 life. Employer can lock Sleipnir to get +1 stealth or +1 intercept. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Son-of-Moonlight	Ragnarok	sonofmoonlight	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 3 life. 2 strength, 1 bleed. Son-of-Moonlight gets +1 stealth on bleed actions. If Son-of-Moonlight has 2 or less life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Step Sideways	Ragnarok	stepsideways	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Action Modifier							Requires a werewolf. +2 stealth. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Sutr, Warrior Giant	Ragnarok	sutrwarriorgiant	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally							Adversary with 9 life. 3 strength. Sutr prevents 1 damage each round. Cards that prevent damage cost the opposing minion 1 additional blood or life. During their unlock phase, each Methuselah burns an equipment they controls, or repays its cost. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Svalinn, Shield of the Sun	Ragnarok	svalinnshieldofthesun	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Equipment							Reward. Unique. This minion can prevent 1 damage each round of combat. This minion can burn Svalinn to prevent all damage from the opposing minion's strike. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Virus-to-Wyrm	Ragnarok	virustowyrm	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Ally					3		Unique werewolf with 2 life. 2 strength, 1 bleed. While Virus-to-Wyrm is ready, other werewolves you control get +1 bleed. If Virus-to-Wyrm has 1 life during your unlock phase, he gains 1 life. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
All High, The	RagnarokM	allhighthe_storyline,cardbackcrypt	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Vampire	Gangrel	ANY	11	ANI AUS DOM FOR PRO THA			Independent. 2 votes (titled): +1 strength. +1 bleed. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Brunhilde (ADV)	RagnarokM	brunhildeadv_storyline,cardbackcrypt	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Vampire	Gangrel	3	8	ANI FOR PRE PRO			Advanced, Anarch: Non-titled vampires you control can become Anarch as a +1 stealth action. [MERGED] Baron of Stockholm. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
Valkyrie	RagnarokM	valkyrie_storyline,cardbackcrypt	Ragnarok, the Final Battle	Vampire	Gangrel	3	4	for pre pro			Independent: Valkyrie cannot perform (D) actions unless Brunhilde is ready. Non-unique. +1 strength. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	Storyline Promo	
