Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Clan	Group	Capacity	Discipline	PoolCost	BloodCost	Text	Rarity
Bunyip	Antipodean	bunyip	Ally				Animalism		3	Werewolf ally with 4 life. 2 strength, 0 bleed. [ani] This ally gets an optional maneuver once each combat. Bunyip may take a +1 stealth (D) action to steal an animal ally or retainer controlled by another Methuselah (if a retainer is stolen, place it on Bunyip). [ANI] As above, and you may lock this ally to give a minion +1 intercept. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Corrupt Detective	Antipodean	corruptdetective	Ally					1		Unique mortal with 2 life. 0 strength, 1 bleed. Corrupt Detective can strike for 1R damage. He may take a +1 stealth (D) action to steal an equipment card. He may take a (D) action to burn a mortal ally and steal all equipment on that ally.  NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Auckland	Antipodean	domainauckland	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Auckland. This vampire has an additional vote in referendums. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Brisbane	Antipodean	domainbrisbane	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Brisbane. This vampire has +1 strength. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Canberra	Antipodean	domaincanberra	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Canberra. Other vampires have -1 votes in referendums called by this vampire. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Melbourne	Antipodean	domainmelbourne	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Melbourne. This vampire has +1 intercept. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Sydney	Antipodean	domainsydney	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Sydney. This vampire has +1 stealth on (D) actions. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. If Sarrasine is ready, he may steal this card as a (D) action. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Townsville	Antipodean	domaintownsville	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Townsville. This vampire has +1 stealth on employ, equip and recruit actions. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Domain: Wellington	Antipodean	domainwellington	Action							+1 stealth action. Requires a Sabbat, Camarilla or Anarch vampire with capacity above 4. Title. Attach this card to the acting vampire. This vampire is the Archbishop, Prince or Baron of Wellington. This vampire has +1 bleed. If this vampire enters torpor, burn this card. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Glasshouse Mountains	Antipodean	glasshousemountains	Master					1		Unique location. Lock to reduce the cost of employing or recruiting an animal or werewolf by 1 pool or 1 blood. Lock to gain +1 stealth on an action to employ or recruit an animal or werewolf. Any vampire or werewolf controlled by another Methuselah may take a (D) action to steal this location. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Parliament House, Canberra 	Antipodean	parliamenthousecanberra	Master							Unique location. Requires a titled vampire. Lock during a political action to lock a mortal ally, unlock a mortal ally, or to gain 1 vote. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Reckless Abandonment	Antipodean	recklessabandonment	Action						1	+1 stealth action. Requires an Anarch vampire with a capacity 4 or more. Put this card in play. You gain an additional 2 transfers during your influence phase. Any minion may burn this card as a +1 stealth (D) action. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Saint, The	Antipodean	saintthe	Master							Unique. Trifle. Put this card in play. If The Saint has fewer than 4 counters, add a counter to it each time a vampire burns blood to heal damage (aggravated damage cannot be healed). Any vampire can take a (D) action to burn all counters from this card and gain either 1 blood or 1 pool for every two counters that are burned. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Underworld Enforcer	Antipodean	underworldenforcer	Ally					1		Unique mortal ally with 2 life. 1 strength, 0 bleed. Underworld Enforcer ’s weapon strikes inflict +1 damage. During a bleed action, lock Underworld Enforcer to remove X allies  and retainers from the target Methuselah ’s ash heap and give the acting minion +X bleed. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Windy City Coffee Cart	Antipodean	windycitycoffeecart	Equipment						1	Vehicle. Lock when this vampire successfully hunts to give them 1 blood from the blood bank. Lock when this vampire leaves torpor to unlock and give them 1 blood from the blood bank. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Craig Johnston	Antipodean	craigjohnston,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Malkavian antitribu	3	5	DEM OBF			Sabbat: If Craig successfully bleeds your prey, gain 1 pool. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Lord Dom	Antipodean	lorddom,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Caitiff	2	5	dom pre			Anarch: When Lord Dom enters the ready region, you may move a discipline card from your hand or ash heap to him. While he has [DOM] or [PRE] and is acting, reaction cards cost an additional blood. +1 bleed. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Floating One, The	Antipodean	floatingonethe,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Osebo	4	5	pot AUS CEL			Laibon: As a (D) action, the Floating One may discard a combat card from your hand to enter combat with a minion controlled by another Methuselah. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Kristoff the Black	Antipodean	kristofftheblack,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Kiasyd	3	8	pre DOM OBT MYT			Sabbat: If there are any Gehenna cards in play, you gain +1 hand size and an additional master phase action. +1 stealth. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Ke	Antipodean	ke,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Salubri	5	5	tha AUS FOR			Independent: As a +1 stealth (D) action, Ke may add 4 blood from the blood bank to a ready vampire with capacity of 8 or more. Scarce. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Prophail	Antipodean	prophail,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Tremere	4	7	AUS DOM THA			Camarilla: Once each turn during a bleed against you, if Prophail is ready, you may discard a card requiring Thaumaturgy [tha] from your hand to redirect the bleed. Imbued may gain an additional Conviction [CONVICTION] card during their controller's unlock phase. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Stuart 'Technobabble' Jaques 	Antipodean	stuarttechnobabblejaques,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Tremere antitribu	2	5	for vis DOM			Sabbat: If Stuart successfully performs the Create Gargoyle action, you may unlock him and steal 1 pool from your prey. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Tony Wedd	Antipodean	tonywedd,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Tzimisce	3	5	ANI AUS			Sabbat: When Tony moves to your ready region, you may move up to 1 blood on him to a younger vampire in your uncontrolled region. Tony has an optional  press in the first round of combat. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
Shade, The	Antipodean	shadethe,cardbackcrypt	Vampire	Brujah	5	6	cel qui OBF PRE			Camarilla: The Shade has +1 stealth on political actions. If he does not have a title, he may burn 1 blood to gain a vote during a referendum. NOT FOR LEGAL PLAY	FanMade Storyline
