Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Clan	Group	Capacity	Discipline	PoolCost	BloodCost	Text	Rarity
Anarch Counter	Token	anarchcounter,cardbacktoken	Token							This vampire is considered Anarch. If this vampire change sects burn this counter.	Promo Token
Black Hand Counter	Token	blackhandcounter,cardbacktoken	Token							This vampire is considered Black Hand.	Promo Token
Corruption Counter	Token	corruptioncounter,cardbacktoken	Token							[FLAVOR]: All things may corrupt when minds are prone to evil. Ovide	Promo Token
Edge	Token	edge.png,edge.png	Token							Gain control of the Edge after a successful bleed. Burn the Edge during a referendum to gain 1 vote. If you control the Edge during your unlock phase, you may gain 1 pool from the Blood Bank.	Promo Token
Edge (2)	Token	edge2.png,edge2.png	Token							Gain control of the Edge after a successful bleed. Burn the Edge during a referendum to gain 1 vote. If you control the Edge during your unlock phase, you may gain 1 pool from the Blood Bank.	Promo Token
Edge (Card)	Token	edgecard,cardbacktoken	Token							Gain control of the Edge after a successful bleed. Burn the Edge during a referendum to gain 1 vote. If you control the Edge during your unlock phase, you may gain 1 pool from the Blood Bank.	Promo Token
Imbued Rules 1	Token	imbuedrules1,cardbacktoken	Token							1 of 5 – Imbued: Imbued are new crypt cards. An Imbued is considered a mortal ally, not a vampire. Imbued have 1 strength and 1 bleed, by default. Their cost is also their starting life, and it is specified on each card individually (like capacity). They have creeds (like clans). They have virtues (like Disciplines, but only one level). When they have zero life, they are incapacitated (like torpor) instead of being burned. Any ‘burn ally’ effect will still burn an Imbued, however.	Promo Token
Imbued Rules 2	Token	imbuedrules2,cardbacktoken	Token							2 of 5 – Conviction: Conviction is a new card type. It is played in the unlock phase, so it is an ‘unlock card’, not a master or minion or discard (event) card. During your unlock phase, you may play 1 conviction on each of your Imbued. You may play these conviction cards from your hand or from your ash heap. When an Imbued enters play with no conviction, he may gain 1 conviction from your library, hand or ash heap. In addition to their own effects, conviction cards may be spent (burned) to pay the conviction costs which some cards require. Each Imbued has a limit of 5 conviction. Any conviction gained above five is burned instead.	Promo Token
Imbued Rules 3	Token	imbuedrules3,cardbacktoken	Token							3 of 5 – Power: Power is a new minion card type, only playable by Imbued. An Imbued may get a power as a +1 stealth action, like equipment or retainers. The Imbued unlocks if the action is successful. An Imbued may not have two copies of the same power. Some effects or powers are ‘always on’. Others have a card type icon (action, combat, etc.) indicating when and how the effect can be used. To use one of those effects, you must lock the power card (and pay whatever cost the effect requires). Standard rules for using such effects apply (e.g., a reacting minion must be ready and unlocked). ‘Always on’ effects are still on while the power card is locked.	Promo Token
Imbued Rules 4	Token	imbuedrules4,cardbacktoken	Token							4 of 5 - Icons and Terms: Imbued: a new minion type which counts as a mortal ally. Monster: any vampire or non-mortal, non-animal ally or retainer. Conviction: new card type. Power: new type of action. Creeds: Avenger, Defender, Judge, Martyr, Redeemer, Visionary. Virtues: Vengence, Defense, Justice, Martyrdom, Redemption, Vision.	Promo Token
Imbued Rules 5	Token	imbuedrules5,cardbacktoken	Token							5 of 5 – Incapacitated: When an Imbued has no life, he is placed in the incapacitated region (controlled but not ready). Effects which are not usable by an ally being burned are not usable by an Imbued being incapacitated. Any minion may burn an incapacitated Imbued and take his equipment as a (D) action. If that action is successful, then each ready Imbued may burn 1 conviction to inflict 1 unpreventable damage on that acting minion. An Imbued may leave the incapacitated region and gain a life (not to exceed his starting life) by burning 3 conviction during his unlock phase. Note that an Imbued gains a life (not to exceed his starting life) if he leaves the incapacitated region by any other effect, as well.	Promo Token
Liaison Marker	Token	liaisonmarker,cardbacktoken	Token							Title. This vampire is considered Liaison, unique Independent title that worth 4 votes. If this title would be contested with a younger vampire, the younger vampire immediately yields instead of contesting.	Promo Token
Quintessence Counter	Token	quintessencecounter,cardbacktoken	Token							[FLAVOR]: As the essence of Matter is Gravity, so, on the other hand, we may affirm that the substance, the essence of Spirit is Freedom. George Hegel	Promo Token
Seating 1	Token	seating1,cardbacktoken	Token							Seating Order 1st	Promo Token
Seating 2	Token	seating2,cardbacktoken	Token							Seating Order 2nd	Promo Token
Seating 3	Token	seating3,cardbacktoken	Token							Seating Order 3rd	Promo Token
Seating 4	Token	seating4,cardbacktoken	Token							Seating Order 4th	Promo Token
Seating 5	Token	seating5,cardbacktoken	Token							Seating Order 5th	Promo Token
